# BaseballDB
The Database code for the group MIS Baseball project
## Merger Statement ## 
We're creating a comprehensive application that seamlessly integrates weather analytics with team performance metrics. Whether it's understanding how temperature fluctuations impact batting averages or uncovering the influence of weather patterns on win-loss records, our application provides insight into the correlation between climate and baseball. Additionally, we go beyond the confines of the ballpark by offering users the ability to explore the temperature data of any city with a simple search feature. Whether you're planning on attending the game, or you are interested for fantasy purposes, our application is ideal for you.
## References ##
Chat GPT was very useful when it came to filling in our tables with mock data. For the stats data, the structure of the stats table was given to the chatbot. Then, the following prompts were used: *"Can you generate 100 lines of mock data for the stat table? You don't have to link the stats to specific teams."* and *"Can you do PID 90-300?"*. The commands were separated in an effort to not overwhelm Chat GPT. We also gave it the following prompts for player and team data generation *"Working in SQL Server write me a query to fill this table with mock data: [Team Table Code]."* When it gave us the team table we used its order for Team ID to create the player data.  We gave it the same prompt but substituted the team table code for the player table code. We also gave it the teams to do in the order of team ID so that the foreign key was correct.
